docs(cip-6): update the reference implementation (#121)
celestiaorg/CIPs: cips/cip-6.md

This will now reject undecodable transactions. Decodable transactions will still have to pass the `AnteHandlers` before being accepted in a block so no further change is required.

> A mechanism to enforce a minimum fee is already in place in the `DeductFeeDecorator`. Currently, this is the validators locally set value sourced from their config. To switch to a network-wide value, we introduce a new `param.Subspace`, `minfee`, which solely consists of the global min gas price. If this is unpopulated, it will be set to the default value of `0.002utia` (which matches the current local min gas price). As a `param.Subspace`, this value can be modified via governance as can any other parameter.

Reviewer: > To switch to a network-wide value, we introduce a new `param.Subspace`, `minfee`, which solely consists of the global min gas price.

AFAIK the decorator isn't _switching_ but it's adding an additional rule. The old rule that uses the validators locally set config still applies. How about something like:

```suggestion
A mechanism to enforce a minimum fee is already in place in the `DeductFeeDecorator`. Currently, the decorator uses a  min gas price sourced from the validator's local config. To introduce a network-wide constraint on min gas price, we introduce a new `param.Subspace=minfee`, which contains the global min gas price. If the param is unpopulated, it defaults to `0.002utia` (which matches the current local min gas price).
```

Author: sounds good to me
